chore: upgrade docs tooling (#238)
inrupt/solid-client-notifications-js: docs/api/source/index.rst

:orphan:

====================================================
@inrupt/solid-client-notifications API Documentation
====================================================

`@inrupt/solid-client-notifications

> <https://npmjs.com/package/@inrupt/solid-client-notifications>`__ is a
> JavaScript library for requesting and managing access given to an agent for a
> resource. These access grants are represented by Verifiable Credentials, signed
> by an Issuer associated to the Pod server where the resources are hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://npmjs.com/package/@inrupt/solid-client-notifications>`__ is a
JavaScript library for subscribing to notifications sent by a Solid server.
These notifications may be sent synchronously e.g., through WebSockets,
or asynchronously e.g. via WebHooks. ? Notifications are typically sent
when a resource is updated/deleted, or when a child resource is added
to/removed from a container.
```

Author: Have updated it, but with a refined version of the text above.
